Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown
all the messed up shit!
First things first, I want to say sorry for
missing an upload on Monday, but Mother Nature
sent a tornado to my neighborhood and I spent
like almost 5 days without power and I couldn't
even use any of my equipment, but I'm back
now!
And if you are watching this in the future
just ignore what I just said.
So today, we are watching Hard Candy, a film
about...
Ugh guys I loved this movie a lot and I don't
want to say clearly what its about yet because
it will literally just explain the whole movie
alone, but I will say its Adolescent vs Pedophile,
staring my old crush Ellen Page.
If you want to find out what happens, and
see the most messed up stuff, stay tuned for
the breakdown!
The movie starts out with Lensman319 talking
with Thonggirl14 about to arrange a meet up.
It can be heavily assumed Lensman is older
from the chat messages, and then we cut away
from this weird chat site to our girl Thonggirl14,
real name Haley, tearing up this chocolate
cake at a coffeehouse.
Well, this is where she meets Jeff who happens
to be clearly older and a photographer know
it all.
Just by hearing Haley's voice, we can tell
she is obviously very young.
I would kinda figured If I was working there,
Id pay attention to how a grown man meets
up with this young child, but maybe the barista
just wasn't paying attention!
Back with Jeff, he is very smitten with Haley,
trying to win him over with his little old
manly smooth talk!
Then while conversing, we learn that Haley
isn't even in High School yet, meaning she
is at most 15 years old talking to Mark Jefferson
over here!
We also see a missing persons poster for a
girl named Donna, obviously young as well,
what are you getting yourself into Haley?
Then Jeff says that she looks and acts older
than she is like that makes it cool to be
talking to a young girl.
Mane if you don't get yo ass someone older
because that's what you like right?
Then why not just get an older girl?
Haley seems to be smitten with him as well
though, doing what she can to tease him and
also asks to go back to his home, which probably
gets him excited as all hell.
It's a long slow motion like drive to Jeff's
house, it sort of feels like its telling me
its going to be Haley's last drive, well rather
not Haley herself but rather what Haley represents,
a young girl in the clutches of a pedophile.
They make it to Mark JEFFerson's house, comment
below if you get that reference.
Jeff brings some drinks out, but Haley uses
her wits to point out the possibility of drugged
beverages and tells him she'll fix the drinks.
He shows her his photography room, which kinda
looks like my recording spot.
This man is too well financed to be inviting
14 year old girls in his home, she's not even
physically mature yet man, this dude getting
on my fuckin' nerves.
Haley makes another drink offscreen and Jeff
drinks it all, and admits to sleeping with
a child before.
Haley gives him a little anxiety when she
snoops around, but then she offers to be a
model for him.
She puts on some Lil Pump and gets turned.
She starts stripping as Jeff starts to get
woozy, but then in anger, he tells Haley to
sit down before falling down unconscious
Well, I wonder what made him pass out?
We see him tied up in a chair, which is all
Haley's doing, including drugging his nasty
pedo ass!
Applause!
Shout out to my homegirl Haley, she has clearly
took advantage of this stupid head smelly
butt!
Alright next cut his balls of Haley!
Homie still think it's a game though, but
Haley says Playtime is Over!
I gotta applaud Haley, she was quick and witty
and intelligent to be able to pull this off!
Haley is serious though, and she checks around
his house asking why he is such as pedo.
He screams for help, causing Haley to subdue
him.
It turns out that Haley literally strategically
planned what has happened.
Such as making several accounts to learn about
Jeff, and even making sure it was today because
she knew both his neighbors would be gone,
including where exactly they would be!
She completely grills him, saying a great
quote that everybody pedophilic should know,
" Just because a girl can imitate a woman,
does not mean she is ready to do what a woman
does!"
Later, she checks his emails and then finds
out he must be hiding some adolescent masturbation
fuel as he looks anxious.
Then, after looking all over his house for
his child porn, she finds a chest in a bed
of rocks that needs a combination!
Jeff is also trying to debunk her and shit,
talking all about her family and her teenage
vulnerabilities, which seems to get at her,
but she fakes any sadness from his attempts
to smooth talk her.
She practices many combinations involving
a girl that Jeff dated named Janelle, but
Haley is a genius, easily figuring out the
combination through her understanding of Jeff.
She opens it, finding a CD and possibly photos
that depict nude adolescent girls, causing
Jeff to cry like the bitch he is, but then
he kicks Haley, and escapes to the house to
get his gun that Haley found earlier.
When he comes back out, Haley is gone, and
then Haley suffocates him with plastic wraps,
which probably took lots of strength for Haley.
Then we see she is very frustrated, possibly
because this wasn't apart of the plan!
Then we see Haley has tied up a nude Jeff,
placing a bag of ice on his male organs that
he should have had cut off.
While he was out, Haley even found a pic of
Donna Mauer, the girl we saw on the missing
poster in the beginning, but he keeps saying
he didn't even take her home, but if that
was true, why keep a picture as a memento,
or go to the police to share what he knows!
Then we see Haley bring out some tools, apparently
with eh plan to cut off Jeff's balls, but
lucky for him the ice numbs his genitals.
While she's waiting for his balls to numb,
she also gets an email ready to send to Janelle
about her relationship with Jeff.
Once he is numb, Haley is about to begin operation,
but he starts screaming, causing her to give
him a mouth load of chemicals.
He starts panicking, and after some sterilization,
she leaves him to numb more.
Although for some reason, Haley gets spotted
on the roof by another neighbor.
What was she doing on the roof anyway?
Later, Jeff starts blabbering, telling a story
of when he was 9 years old, with his 4 and
5 year old cousins.
The youngest one, a 4 year old girl, would
often jump on the young Jeff naked and all
he did was let her play with him.
Once, he got caught by his aunt, and was punished
by getting his ass burned on a stove top and
is banned from ever seeing his aunt again.
Haley listens to his story, all the more reason
to cut off his pedo weewee off.
Then listen to this yall, listen to this.
All yall listening!
Jeff wants to say this to Haley, he says "You
Need Help".
Bitch what the fuc-Haley believes he killed
Donna, which he keeps saying he didn't.
Haley then begins surgery and castrates him
in a long ordeal but completely off screen,
thankfully.
She starts by cutting off one testicle at
a time.
She then holds his parts, jokefully saying
what she should do to them and then throws
them in the sink.
Satisfied with the surgery, but drenched in
sweat, she goes to take a shower leaving him
tied up.
He successfully gets loose and looks down
to see that he is actually unharmed.
He grabs a scalpel, going to the shower but
gets attacked from behind by Haley.
She stun guns him, making him eventually pass
out!
She then intelligently wipes her prints from
everything, stunning him when he gets annoying.
We can tell this isn't her first time doing
something like this.
She starts to finish up her punishment of
Jeff, even forging a confession note to this
pedophile crimes.
Then she gangs him but has him sitting on
a chair.
Then the doorbell rings, which happens to
be a neighbor selling girl scouts cookies.
She was the woman who saw Haley on the roof,
even mentioning it as Haley struggles to talk
her way out of this encounter.
She leaves awkwardly, but then tells Jeff
that he has an ultimatum, either stay alive
with the guilt and consequences, or die with
his legacy intact and pedophile free.
Well, he then grabs her with his legs, causing
her to panic as he gets free.
She runs away, hiding like Ellie as he taunts
her.
She grabs the rope and then Jeff stabs a picture
of a girl in anger, before thanking Haley
for bringing out his true self.
We then see she is on the roof, she points
a gun at him, telling him she called Jannelle
and she is on the way, and also that the ultimatum
is still open, which is kill himself and the
evidence will be destroyed, or Haley will
pretend to be violated, which will put him
away.
It turns out Haley has hidden even her name,
so if she was pointed out, its possible she
is not even from this state.
Haley represents all thee abused girls he
has taken advantage of.
Janelle makes it to the home, and Jeff tells
Haley he didn't kill Donna, he just watched
to take pictures.
Then he says it was him and another guy named
Aaron.
Although, Haley already knew Aaron before
he even revealed his name, saying that Aaron
told her that Jeff actually did kill Donna,
before killing himself.
This showed that Haley hasn't just one after
Jeff.
Jeff now out of options, grabs the noose which
Haley helps him with.
Telling him don't worry, he'll be okay and
no one will know of his crimes.
In a gripping slow motion shot, Jeff jumps
off the roof.
Then, suddenly, Haley runs towards the edge,
eventually saying the most savage set of words
to a still conscious Jeff.
She tells him, " Or Not" showing that she
lied about destroying the evidence of him
being a pedophile, which means he is gonna
die being remembered as a terrible person.
The movie ends with Haley walking away from
the scene in her red hoodie, resembling Little
Red Riding Hood who just beat the Wolf In
his own game.
Well I think this movie deserves a round of
applause, showing a vigilante 14 year old
girl who stops pedophiles.
I don't know if I would have killed him, but
it was pretty cool seeing this Punisher type
punishment from a 14 year old girl.
Well, we're not done yet, its time to see
the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed
moment in that Spooky Stuff!
Okay lets get right into it, the most disturbed
moment is hard to pick up, but just to pick,
Id say probably the reveal of what is in Jeff's
memento box.
We didn't see what was in it, but we can assume
from the dialogue it was nude girls.
Girls shouldn't be taken advantage of like
that.
The most enjoyed moment was when Haley said
Or Not as he killed himself.
I mean, at the end of the day, a murderer
and a pedophile shouldn't die with a good
legacy behind them.
And that's it, this movie made me point out
why I also like doing these videos, because
they can be treated as cautionary tales.
Any viewers of the channel, make sure you
be careful who you talk to on the internet,
even if you are grown, because a lot of perverts
and pedophiles out there will do whatever
their disturbed heart's desire.
Crimes against children are always the crimes
that hurt me the most, and It was very good
to see Ellen Page play a girl that represents
those children and was willing to punish the
dangerous people that take advantage of children.
So, thanks for watching this video, hope you
enjoyed, Spooky OUT!